feat: Editorial review: Long animation frames API docs (#33039)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancescripttiming/invoker/index.md

---
title: "PerformanceScriptTiming: invoker property"
short-title: invoker
slug: Web/API/PerformanceScriptTiming/invoker
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.PerformanceScriptTiming.invoker
---

{{SeeCompatTable}}{{APIRef("Performance API")}}

> The **`invoker`** readonly property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a string value indicating the identity of the feature that, when invoked, ran the script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`invoker`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a string value indicating the identity of the feature that, when invoked, ran the script.
```

| ----------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `"user-callback"`                         | The object class the containing function is defined on, followed by a dot, followed by the function name.                                                                                                                                                          | `"Window.requestAnimationFrame"`, `"Window.setTimeout"`                                             |

> | `"event-listener"`                        | The {{domxref("Element.tagName", "tagName")}} of the element, followed by a hash and its `id` (`#id`) or `src=` followed by its `src` value in square brackets (`[src=url]`) if an `id` is not present, followed by a dot, followed by the event handler property. | `"IMG#hero.onload"`, `"IMG[src=https://example.com/img.jpg].onload"`, `"BUTTON#updateCart.onclick"` |

Author: updated
